Welcome. We're going to discuss the importance of setting personal goals in the ministry.
But first, here are some updates.
On January 1st of this year, a magnitude 7.6 earthquake struck central Japan. Thankfully,
none of our brothers were killed. But over 100 of their homes were damaged, and two
were destroyed. Also, nine kingdom halls were damaged. The branch office quickly provided
accommodations and other necessities for our brothers and sisters. Soon after, the branch
appointed a disaster relief committee, and sent branch representatives to visit our brothers
in the affected areas. Within just a few days, additional relief aid was delivered to congregations
in need. In the Wajima congregation, the elders couldn't account for one sister.
To reach her, an elder walked for eight hours avoiding landslides and cracks in the ground,
until he was able to confirm that she was safe.
Congregations in the area, including those severely affected, have held their meetings from
the very weak the earthquake yet. Most of the publishers have gathered in person
to encourage one another. We're praying for our brothers and sisters in Japan and in other lands
affected by recent disasters. On January 1st, the Patterson Visitor Center officially opened for
tours. Construction began in early 2021 and was completed in September 2023.
What will you experience when you come for a visit? Let's take a look.
The Patterson Visitor Center features three museums and a coin display.
The first exhibit you'll notice is entitled Defending and Legally Establishing the Good News.
It presents the powerful experiences of men, women, and even schoolchildren
who held to their Bible-based beliefs despite legal opposition.
This exhibit shows how Jehovah's Organization supported them through difficult tests.
A Biblical coin gallery presents a unique display of original coins that were in circulation
in the first century, along with their scriptural context and significance.
Another exhibit, entitled All Your Sons Will Be Taught by Jehovah, features some of the training
programs and schools that have been used by Jehovah's Modern Day Organization to equip us as
ministers and teachers. We trust it will motivate you to see additional ways that you can take
advantage of the education Jehovah provides. Our feature museum is a first-century Bible village.
The local villagers are very welcoming and will be eager to show you how they live and work
together as a community. You'll see firsthand what life was like when Jesus walked the Earth.
You'll walk through agricultural areas, a marketplace, residences, a synagogue,
and even by the seashore. No doubt these new museums will enhance your appreciation for the
Bible and for what Jehovah is accomplishing through his organization today. We welcome all who are
able to come and see the New Patterson Visitor Center. The Patterson Visitor Center is
outstanding. We thank all who worked on this project and we now invite all of you to come and tour.
You can request a tour on www.org. Now, let's talk about the recent adjustments to the way we
report our ministry and how these affect our personal goals. At the recent annual meeting,
we learned that as of last November, we had no longer be submitting a detailed field service
report. That was a big change, wasn't it? But although we've changed the way we report our activity,
we haven't changed the way we view the ministry itself. The focus is on people. We love people,
and we want to help them. We're ready to share the good news wherever we find them.
On Saturday morning, we may spend a couple of hours preaching from door to door. Then we go grocery
shopping. Are we off the clock, so to speak, because we're no longer in the formal preaching work?
We don't look at it that way. When we're at the grocery store, we're still on the lookout for
people we can share the good news with. We may be able to talk to someone standing next to us
in a long checkout line, or perhaps with the clerk who processes our order. We can keep it simple.
After exchanging a few friendly words, we might pull out a contact card and simply say,
this is a website I thank you to enjoy. It has interesting articles in more than the
thousand languages. Or, after a few appropriate comments, you might offer a tract.
If time permits, and the person is receptive, we can say more.
The same principle can apply when we're waiting at a doctor's office and airport,
shopping, or on public transportation. Here's an idea. Why not have a small supply of contact
cards or other literature with you wherever you go? We've said that we're ready to share the good
news wherever we find people. But what about the people we don't find? Those who are often not at home.
Have you ever driven through a neighborhood on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon,
and noticed that there was a car in every driveway? Yet, and you called on those same homes in
the morning? No one was at home. I wonder how many of those people would accept a Bible study
if we were able to offer one. Our love for people will move us to call when they're at home.
I remember in one occasion, we were going out for supper at a nearby restaurant with another
couple. The brother was driving. As we passed a certain house in the neighborhood, he stopped, parked,
and said, excuse me, but I see a car in the driveway. We've been trying for weeks to find this
person at home. We won't be long, and he and his wife got out and made the call. Bravo!
Another area where diligence is needed involves following up on interest.
A person doing cart work has a conversation with an interested person who requests a visit.
That person lives in your territory, and you agree to make the call.
Saturday morning, you knock on the door, and what happens?
You know the answer. The person isn't at home.
Are we going to throw up our hands and say, well, I tried. Not at all. That person showed interest,
and we're going to keep calling back at different times until we contact him.
Although we no longer fill out a detailed field service report, we can still set personal
goals for ourselves. Some worthwhile goals might be listening more carefully when the householder
is speaking, or showing more personal interest. Another goal might be to cover our territory
more thoroughly. Having personal goals is in line with Paul's counsel, found at Galatians
chapter 6 and verse 4. You can follow on screen as we read this. Paul wrote, but let each one examine
his own actions, and then he will have cause for rejoicing in regard to himself alone,
and not in comparison with the other person. Personal goals can give us the motivation we need
to get out and it's all important work. Let's hear how some of our brothers and sisters feel
about the recent adjustments, and what they're doing to expand their share.
Thanks to these adjustments, I can now enjoy my ministry in making disciples even more,
and honestly, I love it. I feel like the new adjustment to
porting hours has really helped me because I'm not so worried about starting my time and
ending my time. I feel like I'm in the ministry all the time. Well, the first thing is I've completely
changed my schedule, so I'm going out when people are out there. Previously in the ministry,
I expected people to listen to me, but now I want to listen to them.
It doesn't matter how many publications I leave with people, now I see the importance of taking
every opportunity to talk to people with the goal of making disciples. Before, I was so happy when
I could leave something from my witnessing bag, but now I'm really happy if I leave someone a
piece of my heart. It has helped me really focus on what's more important and that is making
disciples. I love this new approach to the ministry because I'm not memorizing a specific conversation.
Now I can talk to them more naturally and really enjoy what we discuss about the Bible.
Our activity isn't defined by what we might call quantities, but rather it's motivated by the
love we have for people. We've noticed that the brothers and sisters in the circuit are really
excited about this adjusted approach to our ministry. Before it was more structured, a topic,
then a scripture, now it's a conversation. I used to be worried about what I would say and how I
would bring the conversation to the Bible, but now I realize that what matters more than what I say
is that the person feels that I genuinely care about them.
So just like Jesus approached the woman at the well, I like to approach people about their
dogs and I like to talk to them and ask if I could pet the dog, it starts a nice relaxed conversation
and that can lead into like giving them a card or talking about the truth a bit and oftentimes when
I leave I will look back and they'll be scanning the card with their phone and they'll be looking
at the website already. I've noticed that now in the congregation we've become more observant
and then we can use those observations in our conversations.
Quiet and shy by nature so there's this new method that says don't talk too much and when I heard
that I was like yes, there's something that I can do really well and I just love it. I feel
much more relaxed because now our goal is to start conversations so I focus on preparing ideas
based on the needs of the people in the territory. I feel very excited by the adjustment
and the preaching work because it's encouraging us to engage in different forms of the ministry
such as informal and while these don't come naturally to me, I feel we're supported by Jehovah
in its organisation to try these different avenues and to really pursue my goal of big liponering.
Well it's definitely made us want to extend our ministry so much more to say that we can grow out
and help people to get to know Jehovah. I see many in the congregation who find great joy in
pioneering. I wanted to feel the same so I am very happy to be a regular pioneer starting this
month. As a couple we want to attend the School for Kingdom Evangelisers because we want to
improve and learning new ways of showing our love for people. I can't wait to pioneer. I want
to pioneer and then I'm going to go to SKE and then I want to go wherever SKE sends me because
it sounds like a fun adventure. It's a faint chest stick. All I have to do now is focus on people
and that's great. That's what it's all about. Brothers and sisters, we love you for doing all you
can according to your circumstances. Jesus said has found a John 14, 15, if you love me you will
observe my commandments. We love our Master and we love people. So we gladly obey Jesus
command to His disciples as you go preach. From the world headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses,
this is JW Broadcasting.